# Craft Querystring Filter

Provides a twig filter for modifying query strings from within twig templates.

## Installation
1. Move the `querystring` folder into your `craft/plugins` directory
2. Install the plugin in the Craft Control Panel

### Use

A common problem I run into with Craft is the desire to do two-dimensional filtering via query string parameters, but trying to update or modify them in pure twig templating code is a pain.

This plugin, with use of the craft `url` tag, makes this much easier.

First, get the Query object from Craft. Then invoke the `querystring` filter, which accepts and array of key value pairs to add/update the query string.

```
{% set query_string = craft.request.getQuery() %}

{{ url(craft.request.url, query_string|querystring({'event_type': 'party', 'event_start_date': '2016-12-30'})) }}
```

will generate a URL like: `http://example.com/path/to/page?event_type=party&event_start_date=2016-12-30`

If a parameter key already exists, it will *replace* the value with the new value.

```
{{ url(craft.request.url, query_string|querystring({'event_type': 'quinceanera'})) }}
```

yields: `http://example.com/path/to/page?event_type=quinceanera&event_start_date=2016-12-30`

To remove a parameter, pass in an empty value:

```
{{ url(craft.request.url, query_string|querystring({'event_start_date': ''})) }}
```

yields: `http://example.com/path/to/page?event_type=quinceanera`


## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 STAPLEGUN

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
